fix #641: Add mention that FS bucket cannot be created on Health region (#686)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/quickstart/_index.md

If one of these elements is missing, Clever Cloud can't deploy your application properly (except the configuration file, optional in some cases).

> > [!CAUTION]
> > The application’s VM doesn’t persist local storage and only provides a few gigabytes of space (shared between the system and your application code and build artefact). For persistent storage, use a database or a file storage service like FS Bucket or Cellar Object Storage. The application erases local data whenever it stops or restarts.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Clever Cloud runtimes are immutable infrastructure and always start with a fresh, up-to-date, system. If you need persistent storage, use a file storage ([FS Bucket](/developers/doc/addons/fs-bucket/)), object storage ([Cellar](/developers/doc/addons/cellar)) or one of the many Clever Cloud's [database-as-a-service](/developers/doc/addons/).
```
